xvi pannon.

“ of their superiorS, that they are the* clergy
‘⁴ sent ιο such procuratorship3 one of which
“ warrants‚” διο.

Now this statement, though not strictly in
accordance with the instructions set forth in
all writs of summons which contain the⁴ praemu—
nientes clause from the date of the earliest of
such writs on record, viz.‚ that <ff tlte 30th of
Septmber‚ 2301 Edw. I.‚ (the writ of the 19th
eff August, 2211 Edw. I. not being precisely in
point‚) to the present time, shows most con-
clusively that the treatise itsels was not com-
piled before the seventh of Edward the First‚
because it was not until that year that the
diocesan clergy were represented in Convocation
by two procurator-s chosen from each diocese3
and indeed as it is not probable that the inser-
tion of the praemunientes clause in writs of
summons to the metropolitan and diocesan
prelatas commenced anterior to the year 1294,
ἰι might be contended, unless any suspicion of
Subsequent interpolation could attach to the
passage above cited, that the Modus was not
written until some time aster that date.

Having premised that nothing can with cer-
tainty be relied upon as to the precise age of
‚this treatise, yet as an opinion may be expected

